chore: update map and coding component README with pure ESM approach (#526)
Esri/jsapi-resources: component-samples/coding-components/samples/react/README.md

Run `npm install` and then start adding modules.

For a list of all available `npm` commands see `scripts` in `package.json`, e.g. `npm run build`.

***Note:*** The sample demonstrates the recommended pattern for loading ArcGIS Map Components by individually loading each component using the pure ESM approach.

### Loading All Components

> To register all the components once, use the following approach:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The JavaScript Maps SDK also offers a convenience pattern useful for quick testing and prototyping. You can register all components at once using the following approach:
```

```

> // Replace the imports in main.js

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Replace the individual imports with defineCustomElements()
```

 import { defineCustomElements as defineCalciteElements } from "@esri/calcite-components/dist/loader";
 import { defineCustomElements as defineCodingElements } from "@arcgis/coding-components/dist/loader";

//define custom elements in the browser, and load the assets from the CDN

 defineCalciteElements(window, { resourcesUrl: "https://js.arcgis.com/calcite-components/2.8.5/assets" });
 defineCodingElements(window, { resourcesUrl: "https://js.arcgis.com/coding-components/4.30/assets" });
```

> Recommended to use this ES modules (ESM) via the ArcGIS CDN way of importing only for testing and prototyping.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> For more details on registering components, please refer to the [ArcGIS for JavaScript API documentation](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/get-started-npm/#components).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details on using the SDK, please refer to the [ArcGIS Maps SDK for JavaScript documentation](https://developers.arcgis.com/javascript/latest/get-started-overview/).
```
